# CIDM6330
> ## Assignment 0: **System and Domain**

&ensp;I've been a musician for about 25 years and have toured extensively in the south-east region of the US. In addition to my love for playing the drums, I also have an increased affection for health a fitness. There are a few musicians that have highlighted their passion for being in top physical shape; even some drummers like Andy Hurley and El Estepario Siberiano have made it very public how seriously they take their fitness. I was fortunate to have a background in athletics and a deep passion for healthy eating an exercise so I was able to maintain a very healthy lifestyle while touring, but that was not the case for many musicians that I met along my travels during the years I toured the most. The *one* thing I wish I could have provided to all those struggling musicians was some sort of resource for helpping them not only track their fitness goals but get specified workout routines and fitness plans based on the instrument they played. 

&ensp;The software system I would build would be a mobile application that provided instrument-specific exercise routines and eating plans. The domain is a combination of Health & Fitness as well as Music. The application would be called **Sound Body**, and it would help each user create a profile based on the instrument they play, their current physical condition and activity level, as well as thier goals. As I mentioned, I have had a passion for fitness my entire life, so I had a pretty good idea what types of exercises would be best for me and my goals. The only thing I wish I had was a tailored plan spacific to being a drummer. One might not think being a drummer would require a different exercise rutine than that of other musicians but they would be mistaken. A drummer plays in a seated position which puts extra strain on the hipflexors as well as the abdominal muscles. There's also a significant amount of pressure put on the back (especially if posture is poor) that can result in some pretty intense back and neck soreness. The arms are constantly in motion and the shoulders, specifically the anterior and lateral deltoids. Another major potential pain point would be the hands and wrists. Obviously, sound is generated by a drummer hitting a drum and the majority of the time that force is created by the wrist and hands. Specific exercises to help strenthen, stretch and facilitate mobility for all of these muscle groups would be a great help to any drummer. 

&ensp;There are many, many more details that could be communicated about the layout, user interface and features provided by **Sound Body** but for the sake of this short essay I will conclude with a few thoughts. The health and fitness industry is a massive industry. The music industy is a massive industry. Combining the two would not only provide a service to a lot of potential users, but it would also provide incredible insentive to those who built said service. There is a lot of potential in this space and conducting this thought experiment has actually peaked my interest in investing a little time and research in this are as a potential side project once I'm done with my MBA. 


